Smite Your Enemies
Roll 2d6+Prowess when you step in to the fight
Roll 2 6 Prowess
13+ GODLIKE: Select all of the options from the list
10+ Choose 3 from the list below, OR disarm your enemy
7-9 Choose 1 from the list below
EndOutcomes
Choices SmiteOptions
SmiteOptions
Exchange Harm: combatants trade Harm based on their weapons
Protect yourself: -1 Harm to you, if you Exchanged Harm
Crush Them: +1 Harm to your enemy, if you Exchanged Harm
Gain an advantageous position: +1 forward on your next SMITE
Make an opening: +1 forward to an ally who follows your lead
Take something from your enemy
EndMove
Perform Under Pressure
Roll 2d6+Mettle when you do something while the heat is on. Land the plane, pick the lock, hack the mainframe. It's all you.
Roll 2 6 Mettle
13+ GODLIKE: You do your thing and then some. This situation is under your control and you won't need to roll again for it in this scene
10+ You get it done, for now, no problem
7-9 There's a complication, choose one option from the list
EndOutcomes
Choices Complications
Complications
It takes longer than it should
Something breaks
Take 1 Harm
The result is only partially effective
Your next roll is with Fate's Disfavor
EndMove
Bend Fate
Roll 2d6+Wyrd when you wield the supernatural forces of Fate
Roll 2 6 Wyrd
13+ GODLIKE: narrate a significant change to the environment and storyline
10+ Choose 2 boons and 1 bane
7-9 Choose 1 boon and 1 bane
6-  Choose 2 banes. The Fates will have their price
EndOutcomes
Choice Boons Banes
Your Gift does something beyond its normal limits
Heal 1 Harm
Inflict 1 Harm
Give someone else Fate's Favor or Disfavor
Someone's supernatural ability is unusable for the scene
Restore someone else's supernatural ability
Banes
One of your Gifts is unusable for the scene
Take 1 Harm ignoring armor
Become stunned for a few moments
Take Fate's Disfavor on your next roll
Something bad finds you
EndMove
Sway Someone
Roll 2d6+Awe when you want to convince someone that your way is the right way. Unlocking Godlike for this move checks both boxes below. Members of your Weave may always choose to ignore your argument, reasonable or otherwise, and not gain any of the benefits above
Roll 2 6 Awe
13+ (FOR NPCS) Say hello to your new best friend! (FOR PCS WHO AGREE) All members of your Weave gain a thread, and take +1 ongoing while in pursuit of your plan
10+ (FOR NPCS) They accept your reasonable argument at no cost. (FOR PCS WHO AGREE) They gain 1 Thread and +1 forward working on your plan
7-9 (FOR NPCS) They'll do it, but they demand some kind of price. (FOR PCS WHO AGREE) They gain 1 Thread
EndOutcomes
Choices
EndMove
Pierce The Veil
Roll 2d6+Judgement when you peer beyond the veneer of mortality
Roll 2 6 Judgement
13+ You may ask six (6) questions
10+ You may ask three (3) questions
7-9 You may ask two (2) questions
6-  You may ask one (1) question and prepare for the worst
EndOutcomes
Choices Questions
Questions
What happened to this person, place, or thing recently?
What is the greatest danger with this person, place, or thing?
When was this person, place, or thing made?
When did [      ] happen?
Where did this person, place, or thing come from?
Who is responsible for this person, place, or thing?
How can I get this person, place, or thing to [      ]?
EndMove
Provide Aid
Roll 2d6+Tangles when you want to help someone in your Weave accomplish a task, or avoid the Harm they just took. Describe how your character is able to assist. 
Roll 2 6 Tangles
10+ Choose 1 from 10+ choices
7-9 Choose 1 from 7-9 Choices
6-  You make it worse and are exposed to the same danger
EndOutcomes
Choices 10+ 7-9
10+
They get +2 to their roll
They get +1 to their roll AND they gain a Thread
You both take 1 Harm, ignoring armor, instead of the Harm they would have taken
7-9
They get +1 to their roll
Split the Harm with them-- you take the extra if the Harm is odd
EndMove
Start Of Session
At the start of the session, ask the player with whom you have the most Tangles to mark one of your Basic Moves. Gain a Thread the first time you fail a roll with that move, and erase the mark.
Roll 0 0 0
EndOutcomes
Choices
EndMove
End Of Session
At the end of the session, pick one Tangle that feels tighter, and more important to you. If no tangle feels tighter, choose one that feels looser and less important. If a tangle was tightened, remind the group how that relationship was important in this session, and the Spindle gains a Thread. Put an X next tot he name in that Tangle. It can't be tightened again until all other Tangles have been tightened or resolved. When that happens, erase all of the X's and take an Advancement. If a Tangle was loosened, ask them whether they feel that it was resolved. If they do, erase the name and you both gain a thread
Roll 0 0 0
EndOutcomes
Choices
EndMove
Grievous Harm
When you take 4 of more Harm at once (before armor), roll 2d6 + Harm (the amount after armor, not the total). Subtract armor first beause you might roll +0 and that's okay. You want to roll low. You may spend a Thread to give yourself Fate's Favor on this roll, but you may not spend a Thread to reduce any additional Harm caused by the Grievous Harm move.
Roll 2 6 Harm
10+ Choose one from 10+ Choices
7-9 Choose one from 7-9 Choices
6-  Nothing worse happens
EndOutcomes
Choices 10+ 7-9
10+
Get knocked out, or removed from the scene
Give the Herald a Hard Move
Take 2 more Harm, ignoring armor
Your Gifts are unusable for the scene
7-9
Drop something important
Lose your footing
One of your Gifts is unusable for the scene
Take 1 more Harm, ignoring armor
Wind up in a tight spot
EndMove
E0F