<@!DISCORD ID HERE> <@DISCORD ID HERE>
Kat Ritter
She/Her
Dionysus
Greek
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/823251505879580712/828342019905814588/e91d10d30f27341c1c32dd63f34bde3b.jpg
0
3
1
3
Reaper
Prowess 0
Mettle -1
Awe 1
Judgement 2
Wyrd 1
Godlikes
Items
Animal Form Description: Can shift into a black cat with blonde fur and markings resembling her horns
Epic Steed Description: Motorcycle that can form from a vape, in the style of tron
Cloak Of Obscurement Description: A mask that, as she pulls it over her face, it oscures her but at the right angle only her eyes are visible
Moves
In The Balance
Ask an injured person for a trade: a drink, a kiss, or a prayer, or something else. If they accept, roll 2d6+Awe. SPINDLE: If you offer and complete the trade at the Spindle, they heal 2 more Harm
Roll 2 6 Awe
10+ They heal 3 Harm
7-9 They heal 3 Harm and you take 1 Harm, ignoring armor
6-  They heal 2 Harm and you take 1 Harm, ignoring armor
EndOutcomes
Choices
EndMove
Part The Veil
It's easy for you to send the recently departed off to their appropriate afterlives, but this move lets you visit any belief system's land of the dead, whenever you like. This just works if you're alone. If you're bringing friends, roll 2d6+Wyrd
Roll 2 6 Wyrd
10+ You and your friends wind up at the entrance together
7-9 Choose from 7-9 list
6-  Brace yourself. This handbasket is way off course
EndOutcomes
Choices 7-9
7-9
You're separated from your Weave
You're all in the wrong underworld
You just alerted half the underworld to your arrival
EndMove
Lust For Life
You're the kind of Reaper who turns peoples' dread of death into appreciation for the time they have left. Anyone joining you for a drink, smoke, or some other celebration will heal 1 Harm during your first toast. If they give you a gift (a drink, a promise, food--you decide if it's something you want) they heal 2 Harm instead. GIFTED: If you have Aura of Dread, you can switch it to Celebration or Dread at will.
Roll 0 0 0
EndOutcomes
Choices
EndMove
What Will Be
Stun a small group as their lives flash before their eyes. Roll 2d6 + Judgement. GIFTED: If you are in Animal Form, the weak-minded are likely to flee from your presence
Roll 2 6 Judgement
10+ The group is stunned for the scene, pondering their own mortality, unless someone interferes with them
7-9 The group is stunned until interfered with, or a minute passes
EndOutcomes
Choices
EndMove
Conditions
TangleTable
Liz 1
Cress 1
Melissa 1
Jor 1
Frankie 1
Tangles
Jor feels indebted to you for saving their life.
You had a vision of Liz's death. Describe how, but not where or when. Liz dives into the water (for unknown reason) and doesn't come back up. Seen details of the area but unknown to Kat and not at camp. Has not mentioned this vision to Liz (yet).
You escorted Cress's friend (Delaney, a lionized, larger-than-life father-figure to Cress) fromt he circus troupe to their afterlife. Del died during a practice accident right before a show. The show must go on!
You got close to Frankie but it fell apart after a misunderstanding, still ran into each other and did a bargain with Kat offering a future favor.
You bartered with another Reaper (Frankie, Demeter's daughter) for Aelynn's life and won. How did they die that time?  Aelynn broke into and was poking around in Demeter's rooms to find out more about the plot against Kat. Aelynn was thrown off of Mount Olympus and killed. Kat bargained with Frankie, offering a future favor, to have Aelynn return to life.
Melissa ignored your premonition about the surfing incident with Liz, and she has the scars to prove it. Melissa is weirded out by the premonition, even though it came true. Unsure about her relationship/intimidated by Kat.
Backstory
Were you informed by your divine parent, or a messenger of some kind? BeginText Do you need to be informed when you can turn any drink into wine? :bisexual fingerguns: Was officially claimed as his kid after showing up at camp
Describe your mortal family: BeginText Roxana Ritter, a single mom- not that close after going to camp as a kid but still cares about her mom. Mom met Dionysus at a club. Only kid.
General Backstory BeginText Growing up she initially was raised as a normal kid, but as she got a little older her horns started growing and her eyes faded from her mom's green to the bright yellow. Other kids couldn't see the changes but her mom could eventually telling Kat the truth about her father. Now knowing the truth she went to the camp every summer till never really leaving to keep her mom safe and becoming a counselor. Definitely being that kid at camp turning all her friends water into wine and sneaking off into the woods or down to the beach to help host parties. At camp being both reapers she did run into Frankie a handful of times (maybe a fling one summer or at least friends at some point. You made Frankie hot of course kat tried to date her)
Description
Appearance: BeginText hot bad girl with horns ;)
E0F