<@!DISCORD ID HERE> <@DISCORD ID HERE>
Stacy Sullivan
She/Her
Hestia
Greek
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/823251505879580712/877966003978510346/unknown.png
0
2
1
1
Artisan
Prowess 1
Mettle 3
Awe -1
Judgement 0
Wyrd 0
Godlikes
Items
Bottomless Bag Description: A black Gucci bag, custom made from eco-friendly mango leather
Divine Intellect Description: She smort yo
Epic Steed Description: A fire-engine, all terrain, four wheel drive, red pickup named "Cecilia"; looks pretty normal on the outside, in reality is modded to shit (electric, great subwoofer, custom mango-leather seats, etc)
Moves
Crafty
When you modify a device, describe what it should do by picking 2 Features and 2 Bugs from the lists below. When the device has been defined roll 2d6 + Mettle. GIFTED: If you have an Epic Tool for the job roll with Fate's Favor
Roll 2 6 Mettle
10+ Keep 2 Features and no Bugs
7-9 Keep 1 Features and 1 Bug
6-  Keep 2 Bugs, no features, and then duck!
EndOutcomes
Choices Features Bugs
Features
Autonomous
Disorienting
Distracting
Harmful
Long Range
Restraining
Bugs
Collateral Damage
Loud
Messy
Hand Held
Inaccurate
Needs Fuel
Vampiric
EndMove
Deus Ex Machina
Roll 2d6 + Judgement when you touch a device to project your will into it. On a hit, you can control it. You remain in a trance until you withdraw or can't touch the device. GIFTED: If you have Divine Intellect, you retain consciousness while inhabiting the object
Roll 2 6 Judgement
10+ Take +1 ongoing to use the object while inhabiting it
7-9 You can use the object as if an expert were operating it
EndOutcomes
Choices
EndMove
Driver
Vehicles speak to you. They are their deepest hopes and dreams, and you make them reality. You roll with Fate's Favor to pilot any vehicle from chariot to space shuttle. (Perform under pressure)
Roll 0 0 0
EndOutcomes
Choices
EndMove
Workshop
You have a work space specific to the types of things you know how to make. Describe its attributes. GIFTED: If you have a Bottomless Bag, check "mobile workshop" for free. Step into the bag to access your workshop. SPINDLE: If your Workshop is part of the Spindle, choose an additional facility and hindrance. Explain why the events of your binding caused this. 
Roll 0 0 0
EndOutcomes
Choices Facilities Hindrances
Facilities
Alcehmical Resupply
Fine Tools
Heavy Tools
Hidden
Mobile
High Tech Tools
Vast Library
Hindrances
Dangerous to use
Expensive fuel
Disorganized space
Hunted
Hard to get to
Supernatural clients show up
EndMove
Conditions
TangleTable
Medusa 1
Eftychia 1
Tangles
Eftychia relies on my expertise and we have mutual respect for one anothers skills
I made an epic item for Medusa: a pair of star trek visor that lets her turn off her ability to turn people to stone, for emergency situations
Backstory
Backstory BeginText Being the child of an interior designer for celebrities and a hedge fund manager meant that most of the time, whatever Stacy wanted was whatever Stacy got. Some of that "single child of affluent parents" money was funneled into clothes, purses, makeup, salons, spas-- but an equal amount was spent fueling Stacy's obsession with her father --Samuel's-- line of luxury cars (that he bought during his multiple mid life crises and barely used). Read: ruining a whole bunch of cars while trying to figure out how they worked. After her parents' divorce, her mother, Serena, just spent more time making sure Stacy's rampant interests were entertained while she juggled that single parent life, enabling Stacy's obsessions. Everything was pretty mundane until her mother walked in one day with a positively ethereal woman on her arm who found the precocious teen's equal fascinations with fashion and engineering delightful, and gifted her a godly edge in her craft. Nowadays Stacy spends her time wrangling her souped-up pickup, Cecilia, fixing anything that gets put on workstation, and "experimenting" with "new, revolutionary inventions"; so mostly a lot of explosions, or fire, or both. But hey-- if Stacy's going to put herself into life or death situations of her own volition, she might as well look fantastic doing it.
Description
Appearance: BeginText Blonde
E0F